Adding akira (#16982)
qmk/qmk_firmware: keyboards/ekow/akira/readme.md

# AKIRA

* Keyboard Maintainer: [eugenepy](https://github.com/eugenepy)
* Hardware Supported: ARKIA pcb, both Hotswap and solderable. *The PCBs, controllers supported*
* Hardware Availability: Not yet on groupbuy *Links to where you can find this hardware*

> Make example for this keyboard (after setting up your build environment):

Author: I add the instruction of entering the bootloader(bootmagic/dfu) for flashing, thanks.

# AKIRA

> ![one](imgur.com image replace me!)

Reviewer: Remove or update with valid image url

Author: I removed it thanks.

* Keyboard Maintainer: [eugenepy](https://github.com/eugenepy)
* Hardware Supported: ARKIA pcb, both Hotswap and solderable. *The PCBs, controllers supported*
* Hardware Availability: Not yet on groupbuy *Links to where you can find this hardware*

Make example for this keyboard (after setting up your build environment):

>     make akira:default
> 
> Flashing example for this keyboard:
> 
>     make akira:default:flash

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    make ekow/akira:default

Flashing example for this keyboard:

    make ekow/akira:default:flash
```

# AKIRA

* Keyboard Maintainer: [eugenepy](https://github.com/eugenepy)

> * Hardware Supported: ARKIA pcb, both Hotswap and solderable. *The PCBs, controllers supported*
> * Hardware Availability: Not yet on groupbuy *Links to where you can find this hardware*

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Hardware Supported: AKIRA pcb, both Hotswap and solderable.
* Hardware Availability: Not yet on groupbuy

```
